# StreamSanta
Welcome to our product:  a webservice called StreamSanta that recommends a streaming service based on a classifier trained using Watson's AutoAI.  This README will serve as a brief overview of our application and also a quick start guide for compiling and running our application.  You will find the respective sections below, thank you for using and we hope you enjoy our application!


## Quick Start
The application is a simple web application that runs locally.  In order to run our application, ensure that you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) downloaded on the machine and you have access to both the stream_santa and streamSenseiAPI folders.  Next, use a terminal of some kind to navigate to the main directory of the backend (streamSensei), which is an Express REST API that controls communication from the frontend to both the deployed Watson AutoAI model and a Watson NLU service.  In order to run this, simply run the commands `npm install` and then `npm start` to officially start the StreamSanta API.  Lastly, navigate to the main directory of our frontend (stream_santa), which is a React web application which has a simple, streamlined UI to ensure ease of navigation and quick use.  Similar to the backend, run the `npm install` and `npm start` commands to run the frontend.  This should automatically open up StreamSanta, but if not simply navigate to `localhost:3000` on your preferred browser.  Please enjoy our application by selecting a generalized movie that you might want to watch and let our model predict which streaming service you should use.